now I know that not all of you on
YouTube maybe saw this but a couple
weeks ago I did tweet out something
because I didn't have a sponsor for MS I
wasn't able to secure one this year and
for some reason the cost associated with
going to Europe right now are abnormally
high I don't know why but just the
flights are insane and I just started
thinking about the other stuff around
MSI right like the it's in the EU LCS
studio which is less interesting to me
Brodin has to leave early from Paris
because he's going to his sister's
graduation there's all these different
reasons why maybe this is one that I
should sit out this year and I asked you
guys I said you know I'm thinking about
not being able to make it at the costs
are Justin saying all this other stuff
and I asked you for your opinion on that
and the responses were pretty incredible
you were also generous saying that you
would support me even if I didn't go and
that you understood and you were kind of
like gonna let me off the hook but you
also all Express just how much of a
bummer it would be if I wasn't there for
for this I didn't know how much my
personal coverage meant to you guys at
these international events and so
understanding that you would be
disappointed I also started thinking
myself about how much I would be
disappointed so you know Team Liquid is
there we don't know how they're gonna do
would be interesting to see I have not
missed an eighth major international
event the light is coming in and and
really hyping this up right now as my
producer starts laughing really loudly
in the background but I it's it's really
exciting to ski it's really exciting to
see what is gonna happen at this event
and I am I I just know that I would be
really disappointed if I didn't miss it
Wow feels getting bright in here oh I
promise I didn't I did not plan on that
so I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna
cover this please everyone get excited
the YouTube channel is gonna start
having stuff light up this week we are
leaving on Wednesday me and Broden off
to to Berlin and then off to Paris again
burden we'll leave a little bit early
but we should solve some time to create
some cool blog content some different
stuff we're gonna see what we can do for
for you guys at this thing okay again I
think there's a chance that I might be
the only North American ally because a
lot of the other ones very reasonably
bowed out I do want to be clear here I
don't have a sponsor for this coverage
it's potentially a really bad it was it
was definitely really bad business
decisions to do this because there's no
way I'm gonna make back potentially
thousands of thousands of dollars I'm
gonna lose on it
that's why sort of at the end these
videos instead of where I would normally
response or shout out the sponsors I'm
going to sort of commend you guys I
think a lot of you guys have given me
support you've wanted me to do this and
if you want to help support this you can
definitely hit up like the patreon or
support links you can use your amazon
prime sub on twitch any of that stuff
now I want to be clear here I am NOT
like on my knees begging for money I'm
not telling you that I'm only doing this
if you guys support it I am super happy
it is my own decision to cover the cost
of this event and so if you
want to help out that's fine if nobody
does that is fine too and I also want to
be clear here that like I can I can do
this okay like I have the money saved up
I can afford to make it happen it's
still a bit of a disappointment to lose
that but I don't want anybody to feel
guilty like if you are a college student
and you have like this five dollars that
you're thinking about going out and
getting dinner with your friends and and
you just had to give that to me I don't
that's not what I need okay don't worry
about that but you know again if if
anybody who's in a comfortable position
wants to help out the channel and the
coverage and all that stuff you can do
so at the links below that's gonna help
out a ton and make it so that I lose a
little less money again like twitch
prime subcell in addition that I've been
trying to stream a lot more I don't know
if I'm gonna have a chance of stream in
Europe but I've been streaming a lot on
my twitch channel just trying to sort of
raise funds for that and and because
I've been spending so much time over
there I do want to tell everybody on
YouTube that you can check me out a
twitch TV / Travis cafard feel free to
go follow me because you'll catch live
hotline leaks
I've been doing game play stuff AMAs all
sorts of different stuff there and a lot
of the reason I'm doing that stuff is
just kind of like drive income to help
compensate sort of the loss of MSI so
good news everybody I am going to Emma
site you're gonna have all that coverage
here that's gonna be really fun I'm
gonna enjoy it my birthday I'll have it
in Paris everyone will be working that
day so I'll have to hang out with my
friends when I get back but it's a it's
a cool thing I'll be covering legal
legends eSports on my birthday with a
great way to celebrate for everyone else
that is watching this content I just
want to say thank you guys so much to
the support it doesn't everything is so
helpful to me right like everything from
from the monetary supports you twit
Prime subs to just like the the tweets
and the likes and all the nice stuff
that you guys comment on this stuff so
anyway thank you so much we adding a
lanyard to my collection soon and I'll
see you guys all in Berlin
you